Q.1) B

Q.2) C

Q.3) A

Q.4) D

Q.5) C

Q.6) B

Q.7) A

Q.8) B

Q.9) A,C

Q.10) A,B,D

Q.11)
In that case, every neuron will only be performing a linear transformation on the inputs using the weights and biases. 
Although linear transformations make the neural network simpler, but this network would be less powerful and will not be able 
to learn the complex patterns from the data.Thus we use a non linear transformation to the inputs of the neuron and this non-linearity
in the network is introduced by an activation function.

Q.12)
Forward propagation (or forward pass) refers to the calculation and storage of intermediate variables (including outputs) for a neural 
network in order from the input layer to the output layer. We now work step-by-step through the mechanics of a neural network with one hidden layer. 

Backpropagation refers to the method of calculating the gradient of neural network parameters. In short, the method traverses the network in reverse 
order, from the output to the input layer, according to the chain rule from calculus. The algorithm stores any intermediate variables (partial derivatives) 
required while calculating the gradient with respect to some parameters.

Q.13)
In Batch Gradient Descent, all the training data is taken into consideration to take a single step. We take the average of the gradients of all the training 
examples and then use that mean gradient to update our parameters. So that’s just one step of gradient descent in one epoch.
Batch Gradient Descent is great for convex or relatively smooth error manifolds. In this case, we move somewhat directly towards an optimum solution.

In Batch Gradient Descent we were considering all the examples for every step of Gradient Descent. But what if our dataset is very huge. Deep learning 
models crave for data. The more the data the more chances of a model to be good. Suppose our dataset has 5 million examples, then just to take one step 
the model will have to calculate the gradients of all the 5 million examples. This does not seem an efficient way. To tackle this problem we have Stochastic 
Gradient Descent. In Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), we consider just one example at a time to take a single step.

Batch Gradient Descent can be used for smoother curves.SGD can be used when the dataset is large. Batch Gradient Descent converges directly to minima. 
SGD converges faster for larger datasets. But, since in SGD we use only one example at a time, we cannot implement the vectorized implementation on it. 
This can slow down the computations. To tackle this problem, a mixture of Batch Gradient Descent and SGD is used.Neither we use all the dataset all at 
once nor we use the single example at a time. We use a batch of a fixed number of training examples which is less than the actual dataset and call it a mini-batch. 

Q.14)
Easily fits in the memory.
It is computationally efficient.
Benefit from vectorization.
If stuck in local minimums, some noisy steps can lead the way out of them.
Average of the training samples produces stable error gradients and convergence

Q.15)
Transfer learning (TL) is a research problem in machine learning (ML) that focuses on storing knowledge gained while solving one problem and applying it to a different 
but related problem. For example, knowledge gained while learning to recognize cars could apply when trying to recognize trucks.
In transfer learning, we first train a base network on a base dataset and task, and then we repurpose the learned features, or transfer them, to a second target network 
to be trained on a target dataset and task. This process will tend to work if the features are general, meaning suitable to both base and target tasks, instead of specific to the base task.
