Q.1) A,D
Q.2) A,B,C
Q.3) B
Q.4) B
Q.5) A
Q.6) C
Q.7) B
Q.8) B
Q.9) B
Q.10)C

Q.11) Data warehouse is nothing but a database of information. It combines information from various sources and stores in one database.Like amazon has various
warehouses of its products which collects from various sources. It is designed to enable and support business intelligence.It contains large historical data and 
performs queries and analysis.For example, in the business world, a data warehouse might incorporate customer information from a company's point-of-sale systems 
(the cash registers), its website, its mailing lists and its comment cards.

Q.12) Online transaction processing (OLTP) captures, stores, and processes data from transactions in real time. It is used for maintaining the online transaction 
and record integrity in multiple access environments. OLTP is a system that manages very large number of short online transactions for example, ATM.
 Online analytical processing (OLAP) uses complex queries to analyze aggregated historical data from OLTP systems.Data Warehouse is the example of OLAP system.

Q.13) The prominent data warehousing characteristics are:
    i) Integrated: The way data extracted and transformed is uniform. The original source might not be uniform but the extracted one is uniform.
   ii) Time-variant: Data is organized according to time i.e. weekly ,monthly or yearly. so it becomes easy to extract information.
  iii) Non-volatile: Data is periodically upadated not not upadated in real-time. Periodical updation is done via uploading of data thus protecting
it from the influence of momentary change.

Q.14) Star schema is widely used approach for developing data warehouse and dimensional data marts.It is simplest style of data mart schema.The star schema 
consists of one or more fact tables referencing any number of dimension.The star schema is an important special case of the snowflake schema, and is more 
effective for handling simpler queries
   
Q.15)SETL: SETL (SET Language) is a very high-level programming language based on the mathematical theory of sets. It was originally developed by (Jack) Jacob T.
in the late 1960s.SETL provides two basic aggregate data types: unordered sets, and sequences (the latter also called tuples). The elements of sets and 
tuples can be of any arbitrary type, including sets and tuples themselves.Primitive operations in SETL include set membership, union, intersection, and 
power set construction, among others.SETL provides quantified boolean expressions constructed using the universal and existential quantifiers of first-order predicate logic.
SETL provides several iterators to produce a variety of loops over aggregate data structures.